Sir, what are you doing here?
If I don't come
I still don't know how you got a marshal
How much did you joke about?
I-we didn't say anything
Big Brother's sudden visit
Honor to know
Sit up
Don't worry, I'm here today.
There is a big one for you.
You did a good job of disaster control
The Grand Marshal has officially appointed you as commander
I sent over the appointment papers
Congratulations bro
Identified as commander
He has a higher status than Li Shuai
How is that possible?
Dad, don't panic
This Wu Tian is probably looking for someone to act
It's over. It's over.
This bastard is going to be commander
I have to look at his face every day
Big brother really keeps his word
This gift is really grand
I'll be more respectful than obedient to that little brother
Humming what?
You can't solve this file.
Wutian German Pepe
You are not qualified to be this judge
I don't agree with you giving up this position immediately
The two of us will send you a Jinbei and Tiger King Gold.
How are your conditions?
I'm not interested in your offer
I will decide this document
The document was issued by the grand marshal
Do you even dare to disobey the orders of the grand marshal?
Hurry up
We naturally dare not disobey the order of the grand marshal
But we don't accept him
Regardless of his qualifications or strength
The two of us
Are more qualified to be this commander than him
You are just my underdog
Where did the excitement come from?
Bury my grass
invincible
Show cruelty
Why don't you tell Mr. Raul in the West?
Has negotiated a big loan with us
They eliminated me and almost sold it to you
100,000 army
Do you still think you are our opponent?